Add F.A.Q. (#206)
queens-py/queens: doc/source/faq.md

# Frequently Asked Questions

Welcome to the QUEENS FAQ section! Here, you'll find answers to some of the most common questions about QUEENS, whether you're a newcomer looking to learn more or a long-time fan seeking specific information. If you don't find an answer here, feel free to open a discussion on our [discussion](https://github.com/queens-py/queens/discussions) page.

> > If you have encountered a problem that you think is common please go add a new question and answer to the F.A.Q. These are real timesavers and a vital part of our community.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If you have encountered a problem that you think is common, please go add a new question and answer to the FAQ. These are real time-savers and a vital part of our community.
```
